[ADD] stock_by_warehouse_mrp_bom: New stock_by_warehouse module added for mrp.bom.line model t#52780 (#1517)
Vauxoo/addons-vauxoo: stock_by_warehouse_mrp_bom/README.rst

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: LGPL-3

Functional Rationale:
---------------------

> Provide a nice widget in the product on the mrp_bom line to see the quantity of product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a nice widget in the product on the bill of material's line to see the quantity of product
```

by warehouse in order to help you to review such information as fast as possible.

.. image:: ./static/images/image.png
    :alt: Example on Form View
    :width: 600px

Notes:
------

> This module rely on variants and multiple warehouse management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module relies on variants and multiple warehouse management
```

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: LGPL-3

Functional Rationale:
---------------------

Provide a nice widget in the product on the mrp_bom line to see the quantity of product
by warehouse in order to help you to review such information as fast as possible.

> .. image:: http://screenshots.vauxoo.com/nhomar/stock_by_warehouse_sale_1.png

Reviewer 2: Hi, It should be great to have the new screenshots here you can use as an example the ones added in the [`stock_by_warehouse_stock`](https://github.com/Vauxoo/addons-vauxoo/blob/12.0/stock_by_warehouse_stock/README.rst),  adding the SS that you put [in the MR comment](https://github.com/Vauxoo/addons-vauxoo/pull/1517#issuecomment-1011591319)

    :alt: Example on Form View
    :width: 600px

.. image:: http://screenshots.vauxoo.com/nhomar/stock_by_warehouse_sale_2.png
    :alt: Example on Form View
    :width: 600px

> Developers usage:

Reviewer 2: We can delete this section, because this usage is for the `stock_by_warehouse` module

Reviewer 2: This section still needs to be deleted 🙈
